README.md, before:

# Proxy Transport

Proxy Transport is a TCP transport protocol implementation to replace the inefficient RakNet protocol implementation
between proxies and downstream servers.

From the [internal documentation:](https://outline.nethergames.org/share/d44f104f-8ad5-4ca3-a6f7-c8a0863d6b3e)

## Format

Packet frames have the following format:

- frameLength: int
- leadingByte: byte (compression indicator. 0 is Zlib, 1 is ZSTD)
- buffer: ByteBuf (the packets are formatted in the MCPE batch packet format)

## Dynamic Compression

The `leadingByte` (internally referred to as `compressionType`) gives us the ability to use faster compression methods
than zlib if possible.

### When Zstd is being used:

A client-sent packet has been altered by the rewrite protocol and the entire buffer has to be re-compressed. Since Zstd
has faster compression types, we use it here.

### When Zlib is being used:

A client-sent packet has not been altered, the original buffer is directly relayed to the downstream server to save us
the compression.

The downstream-server sends to the client. We use zlib so that we can send the initial buffer directly in case we do not
modify the packets.

Commit message:

Fully implement support for Snappy compression, as well as documentation

README.md, after:

# Proxy Transport

Proxy Transport is a TCP transport protocol implementation to replace the inefficient RakNet protocol implementation
between proxies and downstream servers.

From the [internal documentation:](https://outline.nethergames.org/share/d44f104f-8ad5-4ca3-a6f7-c8a0863d6b3e)

## Format

Packet frames have the following format:

- frameLength: int
- leadingByte: byte (compression indicator. 0 is Zlib, 1 is ZSTD)
- buffer: ByteBuf (the packets are formatted in the MCPE batch packet format)

## Dynamic Compression

The `leadingByte` (internally referred to as `compressionType`) gives us the ability to use faster compression methods
than zlib if possible.

### Compression
ProxyTransport leverages different compression algorithms to improve bandwidth usage and CPU Usage.
The three algorithms supported are: Zlib, Zstd, Snappy

#### General rule
Packets are bi-directional. A packet can be sent from the client (or proxy) to the downstream server (Serverbound) or from the downstream server to the client (Clientbound).

Since the 1.19.30 update, the client can use both the Zlib and the Snappy compression, the proxy can dictate which one to use.
For clients < 1.19.30, zlib is the only option.

The following rules apply:

- Serverbound:
  - **Unrewritten** packet batches are unchanged. They use the compression that the proxy dictated to the client and may be recompressed if the compressions differ.
  - **Rewritten** packet batches are re-compressed using Zstd.
- Clientbound:
  - Packets have to be sent in the compression of the client from the downstream server, otherwise every packet batch will have to be recompressed.
    That is possible, however not desired since it will cause notable overhead.

The proxy receives and matches the NetworkSettingsPacket from the Downstream server to decide whether recompression is necessary.

For every session two values are maintained: the clientNativeCompressionAlgo and the serverNativeCompressionAlgo.

The clientNative algorithm is the algorithm that the client uses to send packets to the server. The server native algorithm is what the server uses to send to the client.
